Small typos (#9621)
EddieHubCommunity/BioDrop: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our
community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender

> identity and expression, level of experience, education, socioeconomic status,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status,
```
